docs: tidy up spelling and formatting in several places (#2060)
canonical/operator: docs/tutorial/from-zero-to-hero-write-your-first-kubernetes-charm/study-your-application.md

Additionally, our app uses [starlette-exporter](https://pypi.org/project/starlette-exporter/) to generate real-time application metrics and to expose them via a `/metrics` endpoint that is designed to be scraped by [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/).

> Finally, every time a user interacts with the database, our app writes logging information to the log file and also streams it to `stdout`.

Reviewer: **nit:**

```suggestion
Finally, every time a user interacts with the database, our app writes logging information to the log file and also streams it to standard output.
```

# Build image, execute from the directory with `Dockerfile`
docker build -t api_demo_server .

> # tag an image with ghcr tag and version.

Reviewer: **Not sure what's best**

```suggestion
# tag an image with Github Container Registry tag and version.
```

Maybe Github Container Registry (ghcr.io), though the URL redirects. So maybe only if there's a full url, like `ghcr.io/beliaev-maksim/api_demo_server:1.0.0`

Overall, lower-case abbreviation feel wrong. Dunno what's best.

Author: For now I've gone with "tag an image with registry tag and version". I've also created https://github.com/canonical/operator/issues/2070 for removing the comments (should be a nice easy issue for someone to pick up one Friday).
